Good day!
Welcome to the first lab test for WIA1002 and WIB1002 Data Structure.

You are given two tests today, namely, Lab Test 1 and Honesty Test. 
We believe all of you can pass the Honesty Test. 
Don’t disappoint your lecturers. 
As for Lab Test 1, if you fail it you just need to work harder from now on. 
If you fail your Honesty Test, you DISGRACE yourself, and the whole education system!!!

Put away all of your books and notes. 
Off your mobile phone. 
Do not communicate with anyone except your lecturer or teaching assistants. 
Any form of misconduct copying will be severely penalised.

This is an hour quiz, and PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTION CAREFULLY TILL THE LAST LINE before you start.
The total mark for this quiz is 5.

You question begin here:
Word count is a common tool used by search engine to identify the list of keywords used in a given page.
It shall return the most frequent occurring words appear in that page.
Write a word count program that:
1. read this input file, which is in txt format,
2. identify the total number of lines and words read, and
3. return one of the most frequent occurring words and how many times it appear in the text.

Your program should return the following output:

Total line: 45
The total words :488
One of the most frequent occuring words is 'You' which has appeared 28 times

To ease your work assume that:
1. The text comprises of maximum 1000 words,
2. Words with different capitalisation are considered as a unique word, and
3. An empty line is not counted.

This is the marking scheme for this quiz:
1. You will score full marks if you are good enough to answer all the questions correctly, including the extra question given.
   Well done, and keep in up!!!
2. You will score FOUR marks if you are good enough to answer all the questions correctly, except the extra question given.
   Good job, and a little bit more to go.
3. You will score THREE marks if you can get the total of words.
   Not bad, and you need to practise more.
4. You will score TWO marks if you can get the total of lines.
   Yeah, nearly there. Practise, practise and more practise.
5. You will score ONE marks if you can only read this file.
   Well, at least you still remember one of the lecture of FoP. 
   You should revise your FoP and work very hard, 
   else you will have high possibility to continue this subject next semester.
6. You will get score ZERO if and only if you could not answer all the questions correctly.
   We do not expect this, if so please consider to resit your FoP!!!

All the best and you may start now.
If you have any questions please raise your hand and you will be attended at the soonest possible.